Added typescript transformer for sticky regexp (#726)
V4Fire/Client: CHANGELOG.md

_Note: Gaps between patch versions are faulty, broken or test releases._

## v3.??.? (2022-??-??)

> #### :bug: Bug Fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### :bug: Bug Fix
```

> * [Added typescript-transformer to transpile modern regexps for compatibility with polyfills](build/webpack/module.js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added a new TypeScript transformer to transpile modern regexps for interability with polyfills](build/webpack/module.js)
```
